Add some information about setting up the SQL database on Modrinth (#100)
modrinth/docs: docs/details/contributing.md

Finally, if on Linux, you will need the OpenSSL library. On Debian-based systems, this involves the `pkg-config` and `libssl-dev` packages.

To enable labrinth to create a project, you need to add two things.
1. An entry in the `loaders` table.
2. An entry in the `loaders_project_types` table. 

A minimal setup can be done from the command line with [psql](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-psql.html):
```bash
psql --host=localhost --port=5432 -U <username, default is labrinth> -W
```
The default password for the database is `labrinth`. Once you've connected, run
```sql

> INSERT INTO placeholder_loader VALUES (0, 'placeholder');

Reviewer: This was changed in the wrong place.

> To enable labrinth to create a mod/modpack, you need to add two things.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable labrinth to create a project, you need to add three things.
```

1. An entry in the `loaders` table.
2. An entry in the `loaders_project_types` table. 

> 3. An entry in the `categories` table.

Reviewer: I actually don't think categories are required.

A minimal setup can be done from the command line with [psql](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-psql.html):
```bash
psql --host=localhost --port=5432 -U <username, default is labrinth> -W
```
The default password for the database is `labrinth`. Once you've connected, run
```sql

> INSERT INTO loaders VALUES (0, 'placeholder');

Reviewer: Rename this to placeholder_loader to reduce ambiguity

Reviewer: By "this" I meant `placeholder`, not `loaders`
